*title Search Across the Galaxy
*author Flurrywinde

*scene_list
	startup

Deep-Space Probe R47 - Operation: Humanity Search

Summarized Log:

Jan 28, 2732 - Sent FTL sub-probe beta to sector 347-827-32.

Mar 9, 2734 - Sub-probe beta reports faint readings consistent with human life from Planet B56-d in the Arcturus Solar System 3814-94-b.

Feb 11, 2735 - Deep-Space Probe R47 arrives in Arcturus Solar System 3814-94-b.

Feb 13, 2735 - Deep-Space Probe R47 enters orbit around Planet B56-d and begins life scan. Human life readings confirmed, indicating a widely dispersed population with high flora-to-fauna ratio. 

Feb 14, 2735 - All transmissions from R47 cease. Reason: Unknown.
*page_break
The preceeding information was just about all you had when you began this mission for which you are now hurling 11.9 times the speed of light in a tiny human-operations probe on its way to Planet B56-d. 

Humans, with AI help, prospered and colonized widely. Then devolved, contact lost. Tachyon communications equipment recycled when no longer used. Some humans now want to revitalize the human species. Established colony of own, but dying out. All their robots died in freak cosmic accident. Unpredicted, not even by super AI. Thus, returned to survival needs, they re-evolved intelligence and learned of past history. Emergency measures undertaken to secure genetic material to ensure survival of species. 

Used old probes found. Sketchy. Risky. Sending human males like pollen across the galaxy. Goal: find humans. Don't know about AI at all. Goal is to bring them back. MC crash lands, communication cut off. Stranded. Game is about finding the AI's, learning about them, and realizing they can help, but also realizing that they are the legendary doom-bringers. No longer understood, just superstition. AI caused humanity's devolution. Likened to a plague maybe, a mystery.

There was "the old one" a legendary figure who taught humanity what it'd forgotten. Make seem like human, but really AI. Language had to be relearned. All culture. 

This AI damaged by same thing that wiped out rest. Could no longer self-repair or replicate, just very basic information transfer. Then died and was lost, worshipped for awhile before humans returned to technological state. Become scavengers of lost technology. Technology is not well understood, just used. Power mongering. Nobility and peasantry. He who has the most tech is revered. It's the new currency. Tech is "mined," searched for and retrieved. 
